#! /bin/sh

set -x

modprobe af_key
modprobe ah4
modprobe ath
modprobe ath10k_core
modprobe ath10k_pci
modprobe ath9k
modprobe ath9k_common
modprobe ath9k_hw
modprobe br_netfilter
modprobe bridge
modprobe cbc
modprobe cfg80211
modprobe ctr
modprobe des_generic
modprobe ebt_ip
modprobe ebt_redirect
modprobe ebtable_broute
modprobe ebtable_filter
modprobe ebtable_nat
modprobe ebtables
modprobe esp4
modprobe gf128mul
modprobe hwmon
modprobe imq
modprobe ip6_tables
modprobe ip6t_ah
modprobe ip6table_filter
modprobe ipcomp
modprobe ipt_MASQUERADE
modprobe iptable_nat
modprobe iptable_tune
modprobe ipv6
modprobe llc
modprobe mac80211
modprobe nf_conntrack_ipv6
modprobe nf_defrag_ipv6
modprobe nf_nat
modprobe nf_nat_amanda
modprobe nf_nat_ftp
modprobe nf_nat_h323
modprobe nf_nat_ipv4
modprobe nf_nat_irc
modprobe nf_nat_masquerade_ipv4
modprobe nf_nat_pptp
modprobe nf_nat_proto_gre
modprobe nf_nat_redirect
modprobe nf_nat_sip
modprobe nf_nat_snmp_basic
modprobe nf_nat_tftp
modprobe seqiv
modprobe stp
modprobe thermal_sys
modprobe tunnel4
modprobe xfrm4_tunnel
modprobe xfrm_algo
modprobe xfrm_ipcomp
modprobe xfrm_user
modprobe xt_IMQ
modprobe xt_LOG
modprobe xt_REDIRECT
modprobe xt_comment
modprobe xt_connbytes
modprobe xt_conntrack
modprobe xt_iprange
modprobe xt_mac
modprobe xt_multiport
modprobe xt_nat
modprobe xt_physdev
modprobe xt_policy
modprobe xt_recent
modprobe xt_socket

exit 0
